I’m pretty sure I’ll be working by myself. These are the three data sets that I’m interested in: College Sports Financing (35), Quentin Tarantino (46), Medicare’s priciest drugs (53). Numbers beside the topic are used as indices that match the Data is Plural rows. 

Starting with 35, I am an avid fan of collegiate sports. I find them exciting to watch and play (wish I was more athletic). As someone who watches sports, I don't know much about the business aspect. I endeavor to learn about the business side of sports if this topic is chosen. Title IX is often discussed at colleges, focusing on equal funding for men’s and women’s sports-based merit scholarships. The data given discloses colleges that subsidize the most per student. I am hoping to find some meaningful correlations between a college's endowment and scholarship money provided. There are other factors that I will consider such as whether the school is academically talented, total endowment per school, and how well these teams perform. Hopefully, I can compare statistics to see which schools are optimizing their sports relevant finances. These newfound relationships will give insight into my initial hypothesis. College sports will always bring pride to alumni; it’s always fun to root for your team.

I’ve had an obsession with Quentin Tarantino ever since I saw the first Kill Bill. He has produced some of the goriest, destructive, and bizarre films for almost thirty years. His artistic style is uncomparable to other directors and screenwriters, especially how much he employs slurs. When I looked at the data set for the first time, given the description, I was amazed to see that every curse word and death was accounted for with the time the action occurred (whoever created the data is a boss). Though, I would like to fill in The Hateful Eight and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood data for my research purposes. Tarantino hasn’t created many films, but his importance to the film industry is simply extraordinary. He has the luxury to consistently work with talented actors and show the audience his vision. I am hoping to find some patterns that will give reason to why Tarantino includes so many swear words. Regardless, the one thing I do know about Tarantino is that he’s an extremely thoughtful man, and there’s a hidden message lurking in this data set. 

I probably wouldn’t be so interested in this topic if it wasn’t for Martin Shkreli indulging in his sick pleasures and becoming the notorious “pharma bro”. Shkreli had his economic mind churning, creating exponentially high markups for needed drugs. Markups are necessary for businesses to make profits but to a certain extent. Research and development cannot be done without large funds. Thus, to constantly test and improve medicine, raising prices must occur. Medicare is a government program that administers drugs and provides health insurance for citizens of the United States. I am interested in the growth rates of drug prices to see how the evolution of drug markups started to escalate. Though this data set may only contain the priciest drugs, it is important to remember that Medicare has bountiful, cheaper drugs that will not be included. I am personally more fascinated with the insurance side of Medicare because I want to be an actuary. After researching this topic in-depth, this will give me more insight into the life insurance field.  All I know is that not receiving the proper pills with the proper insurance can lead to bankruptcy (hospital bills are astronomically large) and tragedy. I hope to find trends like making sure Medicare's policyholders can afford their drugs with ease. 
